This excellent and nutritious soup is a godsend for using the stale
bread that must never again be thrown away. It is composed of bread
crumbs and grated bread, eggs, grated cheese, nutmeg (in very small
quantity) and salt, all mixed together and put in broth previously
prepared, which must be warm at the moment of the immersion, but not at
the boiling point. Then place it on a low fire and stir gently. Any
vegetable left over may be added.
The best and most tender paste is made simply of eggs, flour and salt,
water may be substituted for part of the eggs, for economy, or when a
less rich paste is needed. Allow about a cup of flour to an egg. Put the
flour on a bread board, make a hollow in the middle and break in the
egg. Use any extra whites that are on hand. Knead it thoroughly, adding
more flour if necessary, until you have a paste you can roll out. Roll
it as thin as an eighth of an inch. A long rolling pin is necessary, but
any stick, well scrubbed and sand papered, will serve in lieu of the
long Italian rolling pin.
Cut from this sheet of paste rounds measuring about three inches in
diameter. In the middle of each circle place a spoonful of filling that
must be made beforehand, composed of cooked meat (chicken, pork or veal)
ground very fine and seasoned with grated cheese, grated lemon peel,
nutmeg, allspice, salt. The ground meat is to be mixed with an equal
amount of curds or cottage cheese.
When the filling is placed in the circle of paste, fold the latter over
and moisten the edge of the paste with the finger dipped in water to
make it stay securely closed.
These =cappelletti= should be cooked in chicken or beef broth until the
paste is tender, and served with this broth as a soup.
Put on the fire a pot with two quarts of salted water to which add a
small piece of butter. When it begins to boil put in it 3/4 lb.
macaroni. Let it boil for five minutes, then drain them in a colander.
Put them again in new boiling water, prepared as above and let them cook
on a slow fire. Drain them again. Cover the bottom of a plate with
macaroni and cover this first layer with grated cheese and with some
vegetables in macédoine, that is, chopped fine and fried brown with
butter. Repeat the draining, moisten the macaroni with the water in
which they have previously cooked and keep on a low fire for ten minutes
more.
need to choose each topping), but worth it. the pizzas are absolutely massize - you will definitely not go hungry. che bella! but don't sit right up the top on a hot
the best pizza! go early to avoid the waiting time. this place gets busy and it's no wonder!
Ignore the tourists and delve into the best New York-sytle pizza on Earth. The freshest, most flavorful ingredients on top of a heavenly coal-fired crust. You will not be tossing aside the crust of this pizza!
beware long lines and molto touristas, but this legend - the first pizzeria in america since 1905 has survived downtimes and an expansion and still turns out primo pies
I was deeply disappointed with the pizza this trip. So much that I will never go back. I went a few years ago and loved it, last night was a whole different experience. One side was burnt, which I don't mind, while the other side was almost raw
loved the wild mushroom pizza topping. kitchy atmosphere. the place was packed at 6pm on a sunday. delicious creamy italian house dressing.
The appeal of Lombardi's is twofold: Very good, crispy, thin crust pizzas made in a fantastic coal-fired oven; and an EXTREMELY attentive staff that will treat you as if you're royalty.
After eating here, I can't eat pizza the same way. I would definitely say the minerals in the water make an amazing pizza. By far, one of the best pizza places I've visited.
"People may hark on the fact that this is NYC's first and ""best"" pizzeria. However, the pizza isn't that great. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good pizza. It just doesn't stack up that well against some of the other New York pizzas on the list."
still the first and the best! best tasting pizza on this planet. the secret is in the dough and in the brick oven. most toppings are outstanding. tomatoes that accompany mozzarella starter are so fresh you'd think they grew in an on-site garden
One of the best pizzas I have ever had!!! Loved the fresh marinara sauce and the mozzarella cheese they use. Love their menu, simple and straight to the point for pizza lovers. ONLY CASH!!! and super crowded!
The =Macédoine= of vegetables can be made with a dozen Bruxelles sprouts
or one cabbage, half a dozen big asparagus cut in little pieces, a
carrot cut in thin slices, a dozen small onions, some turnips and half a
dozen mushrooms. The mushrooms and the asparagus can be omitted. Melt
some butter in a saucepan and when the turnips, the carrots and the
onions are half cooked, add the cabbage or sprouts. Put in some water
and some more butter, boil for ten minutes and then add the mushrooms
and the asparagus, adding salt and pepper, and a little sugar if this is
desired.
Cook in water one cup of yellow cornmeal making a stiff mush. Salt it
well and when it is cooked spread out to cool on a bread board about
half an inch thick. Then cut the mush into small squares.
Put in a saucepan several whole sausages with a little water, and when
they are cooked skin and crush them and add some brown stock or tomato
sauce.
Put the polenta (or cornmeal mush) in a fireproof receptacle, season
with grated cheese, the crushed sausages and a piece of butter. Put it
in the oven and serve when hot.
For this dish it is preferable to have good sized eels that must not be
skinned, but cut in small pieces.
Chop some onion and parsley, put it on the fire with oil, salt, and
pepper, and when the onion is browned, add the pieces of eel. Wait until
it has absorbed the taste of the onion sauce and then complete the
cooking with tomato sauce (No. 12).
See that there is plenty of gravy and serve with little squares or
diamonds of toast.
This is a convenient way to prepare left-over celery that is still too
good to be thrown away.
Clean the left-over celery removing as best you can the sauce in which
they were served, dip in frying paste (flour and egg) fry and serve with
lemon.
Prepare some hard boiled eggs, cut them through the middle lengthwise,
place in good order upon a plate and pour some good tomato sauce, taking
care not to cover the upper part of the eggs, which must emerge from the
sauce.
Instead of the tomato, the eggs may be arranged with a =balsamella=
sauce (No. 54).
Skin the pistaches in warm water and grind them very fine with a
tablespoonful of the sugar, then put in a saucepan with the yolks and
the sugar, mixing everything together. Add the milk and put the mixture
on the fire stirring with the ladle and when it is condensed like cream,
let it cool and put in the freezer.
Take several varieties of fruits of the season, ripe and of good
quality, that is to say, strawberries, cherries, plums, apricots, a big
peach, a good sized pear, a piece of good cantaloupe. Peel, skin and
remove stones and cores of all these fruits. Then cut them into very
thin slices, throwing away the cores and stones.
When the fruit is prepared in this manner, weigh it, and sprinkle over
one fifth of its weight of powdered sugar, squeezing also one lemon.
Mix everything and let the mixture rest for half an hour.
Put a sheet of paper in the bottom of the mold that is to be filled with
the fruit pressed together, close, and pack in salt and ice, keeping it
for two hours or a little less.
This is not the =tutti frutti= ice cream as is known in America, but a
=macédoine= of fruits, that comes very pleasant to the taste in the
summer months.
Roll a lump of butter in flour, put it in a pan on the fire, and as
it melts add pepper and salt. Stir it, and as it thickens add a little
milk; let it simmer and keep on stirring it. You will never get a good
white sauce unless you season it well and let it simmer for a quarter
of an hour. Strain it, heat it again, and serve it for fish, potatoes,
chicken.
Put the back and the hind legs of one or two rabbits in an oven,
covering the same first with a layer of butter (half inch thick) and
then with a layer of French mustard, pepper and salt. Roast by a good
fire for one hour, baste often with the juice from the meat and the
gravy.
Mothers of girls should think it more important to furnish
healthful exercise, wholesome food and restful sleep during
the years of budding womanhood, than to worry about lessons
in music and art, or a business education. All these can be
taken up with much greater benefit after maturity. Arrested
development of the organs of reproduction will lay the
foundation for many years of unhappiness and suffering.
Many parents are impressed with the idea that their children
require a large amount of sweets, in order to make them grow.
We cannot force nature without paying the penalty. At
maturity, we reap what has been sown for us, or what we have
sown for ourselves.
If a housewife does not have sufficient time to go
through the various processes involved in making soup, her family need
not be deprived of this article of diet, for there are a number of
concentrated meat and vegetable extracts on the market for making soups
quickly. The _meat extracts_ are made of the same flavoring material as
that which is drawn from meat in the making of stock. Almost all the
liquid is evaporated and the result is a thick, dark substance that must
be diluted greatly with water to obtain the basis for a soup or a broth.
Some of the _vegetable extracts,_ such as Japanese soy and English
marmite, are so similar in appearance and taste to the meat extracts as
to make it quite difficult to detect any difference. Both varieties of
these extracts may be used for sauces and gravies, as well as for soups,
but it should be remembered that they are not highly nutritious and are
valuable merely for flavoring.
To obtain the most flavor from meat that is properly prepared, it
should be put over a slow fire and allowed to come gradually to the
boiling point. As the water approaches the boiling point, a scum
consisting of coagulated albumin, blood, and foreign material will begin
to rise to the top, but this should be skimmed off at once and the
process of skimming continued until no scum remains. When the water
begins to boil rapidly, either the fire should be lowered or the kettle
should be removed to a cooler part of the stove so that the water will
bubble only enough for a very slight motion to be observed. Throughout
the cooking, the meat should not be allowed to boil violently nor to
cease bubbling entirely.
The meat should be allowed to cook for at least 4 hours, but longer if
possible. If, during this long cooking, too much water evaporates, more
should be added to dilute the stock. The salt that is required for
seasoning may be added just a few minutes before the stock is removed
from the kettle. However, it is better to add the salt, together with
the other seasonings, after the stock has been drawn off, for salt, like
heat, has a tendency to harden the tissues of meat and to prevent the
flavor from being readily extracted.
Of uncooked vegetables, cabbage lettuce--called long ago by the Greek
physician, Galen, the philosopher's or wise man's herb--stands at the
head of salad plants. Like all uncooked vegetables, lettuce must be
served fresh and crisp, and the more quickly it is grown the more tender
it will be. When dressed for the table, each leaf should glisten with
oil, yet no perceptible quantity should fall to the salad-bowl.
Watercress, being rich in sulphuretted oil, is often served without oil.
Cheese or eggs combine well with cress; and such a salad, with a
sandwich of coarse bread and butter, together with a cup of sparkling
coffee, forms an ideal luncheon for a picnic or for the home piazza.
Indeed, all the compound salads,--that is, salads of many
ingredients,--more particularly if they are served with a cooked or
mayonnaise dressing, are substantial enough for the chief dish of a
hearty meal. Their digestibility depends, in large measure, on the
tenderness of the different ingredients, as well as upon the freshness
of the uncooked vegetables that enter into their composition.
A salad has this superiority over every other production of the culinary
art: A salad (but not every salad) is suitable to serve upon any
occasion, or to any class or condition of men. Among _bon vivants_,
without a _new_ salad, no matter how _recherché_ the other courses may
be, the luncheon, or dinner party, of to-day does not pass as an
unqualified success.
While salads may be compounded of all kinds of delicate meats, fish,
shellfish, eggs, nuts, fruit, cheese and vegetables, cooked or uncooked,
two things are indispensable to every kind and grade of salad, viz., the
foundation of vegetables and the dressing.
Pound dried lobster coral in a mortar, sift, and add gradually to the
dressing, to secure the shade desired. Or, after the salad is arranged
in the bowl, or in nests, mask the top with mayonnaise of the usual
color, and sift the coral over the centre, leaving a ring of yellow
around the edge.
Mix a level teaspoonful of Italian tomato pulp with a teaspoonful of
mayonnaise dressing, and when well blended beat very thoroughly into a
cup or more of the dressing, or add dressing until the desired tint is
attained.
This place has been doing the best Pizza since years. I had most amazing pie with some friends a few days ago. Only thing I don't like siting downstairs, but the place was pack.
Authentic NYC Pizza at it's best. We stop here each time we are in New York. It seems to be a favorite among the locals as well. The staff are always courteous and service is top notch. If you want authentic NYC Pizza, go here!
This is one of the best NY style thin crust pizza I've ever tasted. Every bite is soft yet chewy with just enough cheese to melt away all your troubles. Beware of long lines but it is definitely worth the wait.
The BEST NYC coal-fired pizza. Period. High quality ingredients and that amazing crust make this the one and only stop for pizza in NYC. You'll just have to tussle with the tourists to get a table.
Delicious and Authentic pizza continues to be served at this Soho outpost that has been doing it for years. While there is generally a wait, the line moves quickly and the delicious pizza is worth the time. A great neighborhood addition.
If you don't know about Lombardi's you should just go without reading further. If you do know about Lombardi's there's nothing I can tell you. Best pizza on planet earth..however, I feel like the quality has slipped slightly this past still the first and the best! best tasting pizza on this planet. the secret is in the dough and in the brick oven. most toppings are outstanding. tomatoes that accompany mozzarella starter are so fresh you'd think they grew in an on-site garden
Though the lines can stretch around the block, it's worth waiting for this coal-fired experience. Things move quickly and food will arrive at your table before you know it. Note: cash only means planning ahead!
Absolutely love Lombardi's especially their simple margherita pizza or their sausage version.
Best pizza in NYC-- no question. The pies are authentically made and are delicious with every bit from the crust, to the sauce, to the fresh toppings. You will wait for this experience, but it's well worth it. While you're waiting you can have
still the first and the best! best tasting pizza on this planet. the secret is in the dough and in the brick oven. most toppings are outstanding. tomatoes that accompany mozzarella starter are so fresh you'd think they grew in an on-site garden
Though the lines can stretch around the block, it's worth waiting for this coal-fired experience. Things move quickly and food will arrive at your table before you know it. Note: cash only means planning ahead!
Absolutely love Lombardi's especially their simple margherita pizza or their sausage version.
Best pizza in NYC-- no question. The pies are authentically made and are delicious with every bit from the crust, to the sauce, to the fresh toppings. You will wait for this experience, but it's well worth it. While you're waiting you can have
Still a great pie -- best thin crust and fresh ingredients. The copycats just can't compete.
Best place to go in Little Italy for pizza! I remember going here as a kid and waiting for hours, but the pizza was brick oven and tasted great. I would say go on a Friday night but it gets very crowded and it is not worth the ridiculous wait.
As strange as the clam pie sounds it's indescribably delicious. Thin crust and no sauce sounds weird but the olive oil and cheese somehow make you forget. The italian soda is okay and service is good, not great. even though there's always a wait
A trip to NYC isn't complete without a visit to Lombardi's. Its got a great reputation for a reason. The white pizza is without a doubt the best pizza I've ever tasted! There Italian sodas are also great, and often overlooked. Do try them!
After countless trips this place never fails to impress. We visit 2-3 times each year and every time we can't believe it is so perfect. Never the same pizza twice, but always the warm, smiling satisfaction of eating the world's best!
The meat ball pizza is very good, and it is a nice homey place.
Delicious Delicious Delicious! You mouth will water just at the smell of the pizzas coming out of the oven, and will not be disappointed by the flavor of your pie, once you get it. You may wait an hour or more for your table. Be sure to get a
One of the best pizza joints in NYC. Oldest is usually the best!
You can't go wrong with a coal oven, pizza is as good as it gets. Crust is to die for! Eat in vs taking out...even pizza this good suffers when delivered.
the king of pizza! takes a while to order if you're used to a pre-set menu (you need to choose each topping), but worth it. the pizzas are absolutely massize - you will definitely not go hungry. che bella! but don't sit right up the top on a hot
the best pizza! go early to avoid the waiting time. this place gets busy and it's no wonder!
Ignore the tourists and delve into the best New York-sytle pizza on Earth. The freshest, most flavorful ingredients on top of a heavenly coal-fired crust. You will not be tossing aside the crust of this pizza!
beware long lines and molto touristas, but this legend - the first pizzeria in america since 1905 has survived downtimes and an expansion and still turns out primo pies
I was deeply disappointed with the pizza this trip. So much that I will never go back. I went a few years ago and loved it, last night was a whole different experience. One side was burnt, which I don't mind, while the other side was almost raw
loved the wild mushroom pizza topping. kitchy atmosphere. the place was packed at 6pm on a sunday. delicious creamy italian house dressing.
The appeal of Lombardi's is twofold: Very good, crispy, thin crust pizzas made in a fantastic coal-fired oven; and an EXTREMELY attentive staff that will treat you as if you're royalty.
After eating here, I can't eat pizza the same way. I would definitely say the minerals in the water make an amazing pizza. By far, one of the best pizza places I've visited.
"People may hark on the fact that this is NYC's first and ""best"" pizzeria. However, the pizza isn't that great. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good pizza. It just doesn't stack up that well against some of the other New York pizzas on the list."
still the first and the best! best tasting pizza on this planet. the secret is in the dough and in the brick oven. most toppings are outstanding. tomatoes that accompany mozzarella starter are so fresh you'd think they grew in an on-site garden
One of the best pizzas I have ever had!!! Loved the fresh marinara sauce and the mozzarella cheese they use. Love their menu, simple and straight to the point for pizza lovers. ONLY CASH!!! and super crowded!
Lamarr Hawkins
a week ago
Stopped in here while on a wait for a haircut down the street. Small dark pub. Didn't try the food but the beer was cheap and the atmosphere was *classic*. A place you can watch a game and waste away an afternoon without realizing it.
Bacon cheese burger cooked perfectly. simple, delicious, If you want a perfect burger this is it.. Not fancy but the real deal.
The embodiment of dark dingy burger fun continues to be embraced by throngs of resilient soles, waiting upon an ever-present line, seeking bacon cheese burgers and crispy shoestrings. Affordable beer and sports on the tube make the bar even more
Dam good Burger at very affordable prices and that includes the Drinks and Beers.. Formerly the Greatest Burger Joint in the City.. Perennial # 1 for almost 30 years.. Great Old-Bar Decor. Only problem is because its such a good value, it's
This is one of the best burgers in NYC. and in top list in USA. Compare this to the 'burger' at Burger Joint...this is a 10 and the BJ might be a 1. The Bistro Burger medium rare with Cheddar is divine.
Is there a better el cheapo beer pub in the village! Draft of Mcsorleys at $2.75, yummy 6$ burgers & $ 2.75 french fries, open till four, lots of young bucks standing around. A crowded wooden irish type bar where Saturday Night Live is always
The best burgers in New York City. Period! Step back in time and go to this old NYC pub where you'll have the best burger, fries, and draught beer.
Seesaws between good and great. They are so laid back
Long wait? Yes. Solution - Grab a beer from the bar! Best burger you're gonna get served to you on a flimsy paper plate! Don't let the crowded, small non-descript bar deter you from trying this burger. The meat is always fresh and they cook it
Cheap delicious burgers and delicious cheap beer. What could be better. Old fashioned pub style is an endearing atmosphere, the worn booths are comforting. Don't go here if you're on a diet.
a must for the tourist that want's to have a quick look at the ivllage and have a good hamburg.. i think the hamburg is overrated but it Is always cooked exactly to perfection.
Old standby for delicious, thick burgers. Bar atmosphere, but go for burgers.
i love this place. simple motive, burgers and beer. cheap mcsourleys on draft and awesome burgers. really fun spot if you go with a party of 4. this is another place that you may find yourself waiting. the bar/waiting area gets crowded, so be
The burgers here are simple, yet done perfectly right. Gets pretty crowded many nights, so prepare to wait before being seated. Great price.
cheeseburger was delicious. had it medium to medium well. the sweet potato fries were perfectly prepared. they were tastier and better than the regular fries.
Cute, quick and friendly, this place is a great rest-stop between walks on the High Line and shopping on Bleeker Street. It's perfect for cheap dates. Stick with the burger and fries. The burger keeps kicking butt in top ten lists.
Get that burger to go. But definitely get that burger. Only made one way, and it's good enough for anyone. It will sideline you for the rest of the night (or day), but you'll be content to lay about. I once went with someone who ordered the
One of the best burgers in the city and you would probably never expect it looking at the place. Don't expect this to be a neat meal. Your burger will most likely be so juicy that your hands are covered, but it's okay. You'll be too busy thinking
simple - its a bar with no frills. what it does have is good burger and real beer. that's all that's needed too. one of the best burgers in nyc with none of the frills and needless crap that places use to hide how bad their burger is.
NO ONE'S GOING HERE FOR THE DECOR. NOT WHEN THE CORNER BISTRO CONSISTENTLY TURNS OUT SOME OF THE BEST BURGERS IN THE CITY. THE SPARSE DECOR AND SERVICE GO NICELY WITH THE MENU...ABOUT 8 CHOICES IN ALL. JUST MAKE SURE YOU'RE UP FOR STANDING IF YOU
If you're into burgers, Corner Bistro is the supreme standard among NYC old-school dives. Bistro Burger, Chili, and Fries is pretty much all they serve, along with a small selection of McSorley's Ales and a few other beers. I came here in the
Great value with old school burgers for $6-8. $3 McSorleys beers. Do yourself a favor and try to snag a seat at the bar, instead of a much longer wait for a table in the back.
If you live in NYC you know about the Corner Bistro and you go there. If you're visiting you should. It's the best of a old man's bar on steriods! Great burgers, even better chilli and chicken samdwiches if you must. Cheap beer and a delightful
Don't make the mistake of asking for a menu like I did. An obviously rookie move. Menu options are few - basically a burger with or without onions - but they deliver. Juicy burgers and salty french fries in a hole in the wall bar setting on a
My favorite burger in town. No frills, simple all-american hamburger. And it's juicy and perfect. Plus, the fries are shoestring marvels, and the beer is super-cheap. It's always packed, but theres a reason for it. You cant beat CB.
I know it's the cool thing to say that this is the best burger in the city but it's not. It's good. Relly good and a good value but not the best. first of all it's too tall. I could barely get my mouth around it which is a bit of a distraction
For a great buger and better bartender head to this classic West Village haunt for the experience, the McSoreley's dark ale and the banter. This place still feels like old New York. No non-sense just big juicy burgers with bacon. Cooking your
Still among the best burgers in the city. But that's all there is. You would think they could figure out how to join great fries to the burgers. But no. Be happy with their burgers.
They don't do much (4 menu items) but what they do is soooo goood. Best non-take out burger in the city.
the burger is a little too thick and often overcooked. i prefer juicy and thinner burgers. it is not a refined burger. the bread is barely toasted. no french mustard. the french fries are terrible: they taste like oil and feel greasy. but it is
The burger is one of the best in NYC, it's also the only thing worth eating on the menu. Don't bother with the fries, just get a 2nd burger. And wash it down with some McSorley's beers; they have it on tap there.
Great burgers & fries, very casual atmosphere. Not a place to impress your date unless a burger fan.
The classic WV pub. The burger is smaller now, comes on a (gasp) plastic plate vs the original paper, and costs $8 vs the original $5, but if you haven't had it then you're not a proper New Yorker. It's that tasty. Carve your name in the table
I'M ALWAYS IN SEARCH OF THE BEST BURGER IN NY AND FINALLY MADE IT TO CORNER BISTRO--TALK ABOUT OVERRATED! THE PLACE IS DINGY AND DARK AND THE BURGERS LEFT A LOT TO BE DESIRED. THIS RESTAURANT JUST SEEMED UNSANITARY AND THE DARK QUARTERS MEANT YOU
so the burgers are ok. the fries are silly, and the paper plates, i don't get. very cool old joint tho.
love the bistro burger! love the fries! love the atmosphere! yes, i avoid the busiest times and busiest days of the week, because i won't wait more than 10 minutes for any restaurant. grilled cheese is also a specialty here.
The ultimate "dive." Hamburgers are better than in many gourmet burger shops, but everything else is mediocre or worse. Atmosphere seems dangerous, but we have neither seen any violence.
nice vibe for a quick good burger and a beer. not as cheap as it used to be but still a good spot
The Bistro Burger really is as good as everyone says it is. The hallmark of this reowned burger is the fat, juicy patty and perfectly cooked bacon. Try to avoid peak hours otherwise be prepared to grab a drink at the bar while standing in line
i find the food quite delictable and wish i had more time to enjoy the atmissphere in the place
I absolutely love Dirty Bird. The good: the food is DELICIOUS. Awesome chicken, great sides, delivery times are legit, and prices are actually competitive. I think you can get a full meal for less than $15 delivered. The bad: you want to keep
Always ordered from Dirty Bird to go when I worked in Union Square. Fried chicken is delicious - comes with a vinegar dipping sauce and is super yums! Cornbread is buttery and delish.
@ googamooga and just had the best! fried chicken fingers! sweet, juicy and just the right portion! would def. head into the store!
I thought with a name like "Dirty Bird" the place would be more grungey--quite the opposite. Hipster is the first word that comes to mind. The food is really fresh, all sauces made in store, and the cashier boasted that they don't even have a
I have to give it 5 stars for what it is, which (in case you're wondering) is not, for example, Per Se. They've got the best fried chicken I've had in NY; also, rotisserie chicken, if you prefer. And excellent sides. When is the last time you saw
Delicious chicken prepared various ways. All are yummy - rotisserie, roasted, and fried. The mac 'n cheese is very good. I like their corn bread. Service is very good. The waitstaff is friendly and helpful. A fun dining experience.
This place used to be a lot better. Fried chicken is good but again used to be a lot juicer. Roasted potatoes are bland. Don't get take out or delivery chicken loses crispness.
I can't say that the food is poor since I decided to get my money back due to the staff's attitudes. They are dirty and I hope their health inspection letter is a F! I rather find a clean bird, but I am sure not in NYC since everything here is dirty!
Chicken of the rotisserie and fried variety are all the rage at this tiny 14th Street spot. They also have soup and lovingly prepared sides. Snagging a seat at this whimsically designed shoe box is the best way to enjoy the natural Amish chicken
I love the convenience of having Dirty Bird as my neighbor. I'll take an order of their fried chicken, kale, and mac and cheese over doing dishes any day.
The batter they use for the chicken fingers are amazing. The Mac and Cheese is to die for. I have not gotten one thing in here that I have been unhappy with. They do need to get some air conditioning everyone behind the counter was working in
Enjoy the hammy artwork on the walls while you chow on some of the city's best fried chicken. The sides have slipped since DB opened, but still a top choice among those who seek a taste of the south. Nice peeps too, they let my wife use their
Dirty Bird-to-go is a good quick go-to place. Because I'm from the South I have specific requirements for the deliciousness of my fried chicken. Unfortunately Dirty Bird didn't live up to those expectations. BUT the sauteed garlic kale is so
dirty bird serves the best fried and rotisserie chicken in the city, without exception, and it's organic. let's be honest, fried chicken will never be a healthy food choice but when i indulge i do it here where the birds and sides are organic. i
Mac and cheese is so good. The greens have so much flavor and not over cook so it retains its nutrients. The chicken is flavorful. Love this place because i can have my southern guilty pleasure without the guilt. Really is cooked very healthy
delicious fried chicken, wonderful sides. one of the best fried chicken joints in the city. little touches brings it home. mac and cheese is worth a try.
easy to walk by this tiny place, but seek it out for tasty deep-fried chicken to eat in (at the few stools and tables supplied) or to take out and gorge at home. a very friendly staff will greet and serve you. the coffee's name is mud, but that's
Very good fried chicken tenders. Moist delicious chicken, battered and fried well. Mashed potatoes and gravy are forgettable. Food took a while but was totally worth it. Walk the high line and come here for lunch. It's pricey but not crazy. Also
cheap, tasty and quick. interesting cilantro accented coleslaw, terrific mac and cheese, cornbread that masquerades as bricks. all that is just to get you to the main event- among the best fried chicken east of strouds in kc.
I love this place...it's obviously not gonna be as tasty as KFC or Popeyes because they use natural ingredients instead of a ton of salt and "fake sugar". SO what youre tasting is what chicken is really supposed to taste like. I hafta agree
This is probably my fav fast food in the city. Love the chicken fingers and best honey mustard I've ever had. The peach tea goes perfectly with the fingers to make a very satisfying meal. I LOVE IT!
some of the best rotissorie (sp?) chicken in the city -- marianated, savory, delicious! i'd go all the time, but it's a little pricey.
a quick place to eat yummy perfect fried chicken. great sides to choose from like roasted beets or brussel sprouts. i dream of the fried chicken and will never venture into another popeyes or kfc again.
We have ordered several times. Yes, the chicken is good. The sides are a mixed bag (kale and mac and cheese are good, cornbread is strange and unappetizing). But I find it's a real problem when you can not rely on the quoted delivery time
the best fried chicken around 14th street. i've had no better in nyc, in fact.
best fried chicken in nyc - always consistent and juicy.
Best take out ever! Fast, fresh and hot!
dirty bird is not the greatest fried chicken. it is good, but nothing to write home about. a little expensive, as you buy it by the piece. if you just want fried chicken, this will do.
BEST CHICKEN IN NYC, AND THE SIDES ARE JUST AS GOOD. THOUGHT THIS WAS MY HEALTHY ALTERNATIVE BUT REALIZE THAT EVERYTHING'S LATHERED IN BUTTER. STILL DELICIOUS AND SO EASY
organic chicken is skinny chicken, once you can get beyond that fact, it's pretty good chicken. their corn bread is unique and tasty. potatoes are creamy. greens are to chewy. if you get take out for a family of four you need to get two chickens
best fried chicken in the city. i've tried the zagat's top 5 and dirty bird wins out
the best fried chicken in manhattan! all the side dishes are also fresh, well-prepared & fantastic! i wish they open one in brooklyn!
i go often. the chicken is moist and delicious, the sides are great (try the kale with garlic, or the roasted potatoes). it's the best rotiserie chicken in the city. and they staff is really nice.
the fried chicken rocked my world without having to make a trip to harlem. mashed potatoes were tasty too. i want to try the rotisserie chicken next. first time i was there some crazy woman was out front yelling & throwing birdseed all over the
Visited from upstate NY. Great food worth the drive! Best chicken we have ever had moist and not greasy! Highly recommended
A GREAT TAKE-OUT STANDBY. THEY HAVE TWO TYPES OF CHICKEN, BOTH DELICIOUS. SIDES ARE A LITTLE GREASY, BUT THEY HAVE BECOME MORE EFFICIENT SINCE THEY OPENED--ALWAYS A PLUS.
though a tad greasy, the fried chicken is moist, crisp and finger-lickin' good at this take-away spot. choose from down-home sides like mac' n cheese and beans, and make it an urban picnic.
free range chicken that's always succulent and the side dishes make the stop worthwhile. mostly take-out that competes for price favorably compared to restaurant delivery service
delicious southern takeaway. crispy non greasy fried chicken. wish they'd open a bigger sitdown restaurant. it's good!
my fiancee and i are frequent customers here. we love the chicken and side dishes- very tasty. portions though are very small for the price and last time we were in there, the server at the counter seemed less than enthusiastic.
tasty chicken. side orders fabulous, hey, they've got kale and brussel sprouts. excellent service.
the best fried chicken i know of! organic birds, brined and fried to perfection. good sides too.
delivery highly recommended for super flavorful chicken and brussel sprouts that convinced me to like a vegetable i'd shunned for more than thirty years. (never been there so i guessed that decor is good)